turn 10 studios has been making forts of
motorsport for almost 10 years now and
it really represents the combination of
car lovers and gamers getting people
interested in car culture and gaming
culture we are exactly the people that
we're making our game for we are a
collection of car fanatics
we love tuning and wrenching on our own
cars we also have a lot of enthusiasts
here at Falcon tire which makes it a
really easy fit for us to collaborate
and do this partnership together I think
it's great for ports to have the Falcon
Porsche in game what it brings to our
players is ability to take a real-world
race car that they see every weekend
racing around the United States and
bring it into the game and be able to
actually experience what it's like to
take that full bred race car onto the
same tracks they see it race every
weekend and try and beat the lap times
win the race compete against their
friends it's an important part of
actually bringing fantasy to life the
livery contest actually came about from
a collaboration that Forza and the
American LeMans series did together
during the 2013 season each month they
would work with a different team to do a
promotion of some sort and we really
wanted to do something unique for
decades now we've run a traditional teal
and Blue Falcon Motorsports livery on
everything that we race Falcon tire
challenged our fans to paint their car
ultimately one of our fans liveries was
chosen and painted onto their car to
race at Petit LeMond in Road Atlanta
liberabit creation and Fortson
motorsport isn't necessarily easy it's
meant to empower artists the tool is
meant to give them a way to express
themselves so the amazing works of art
they create simply can't be created by
everyone the painters and tuners in
Forte's motorsport are continually
pushing the boundaries of what can be
done in game
and that's why we were excited to bring
that community together with Falcon tire
out of 200 submissions of different
designs we basically chose the top six
and then we left it up to our Facebook
fans to decide who the winning design
was turned out to be a designer from
Belgium named Kevin noodle
talk about a unique opportunity you know
this was the first and probably the last
time that you'll ever see a one-off
design on our Porsche program and for it
to be the the time that we win Petit
llamas it's a pretty rare opportunity to
say the least as we approach the release
of Forza Motorsport 5 Falken Tire has
challenged our community again this time
to paint dye Yoshihara Subaru BRZ the
one that will compete in the 2014 season
yeah taking it a step even further
you know the Porsche livery that was a
one event limited time contest the BRZ
livery is actually going to stay on the
on the vehicle for the duration of the
2014 Formula Drift season I'm anxious to
see what what creative ideas come out of
that contest
you